FR #976: Add support for contract commitments (#1350)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: specification/datasets/contract_commitment/columns/contractcommitmentquantity.md

# Contract Commitment Quantity

> Contract Commitment Quantity represents the amount associated with the [*contract commitment*](#glossary:contract-commitment), denominated in a provider-defined [Contract Commitment Unit](#contractcommitmentunit).  Contract Commitment Quantity is commonly used for monitoring the progress towards fulfilling contractual commitments that may facilitate discounts for [*resources*](#glossary:resource) or [*services*](#glossary:service) as negotiated between a provider and a customer.

Reviewer: I suggest we avoid using the term `negotiated`, at least in this iteration:

```suggestion
Contract Commitment Quantity represents the amount associated with the [*contract commitment*](#glossary:contract-commitment), denominated in a provider-defined [Contract Commitment Unit](#contractcommitmentunit).  Contract Commitment Quantity is commonly used for monitoring the progress towards fulfilling contractual commitments that may facilitate discounts for [*resources*](#glossary:resource) or [*services*](#glossary:service) as agreed between a provider and a customer.
```

The ContractCommitmentQuantity column adheres to the following requirements:

* ContractCommitmentQuantity MUST be present in a [*FOCUS dataset*](#glossary:FOCUS-dataset).
* ContractCommitmentQuantity MUST be of type Decimal.
* ContractCommitmentQuantity MUST conform to [NumericFormat](#numericformat) requirements.
* ContractCommitmentQuantity nullability is defined as follows:
  * ContractCommitmentQuantity MUST NOT be null when ContractCommitmentCost is null.

>   * ContractCommitmentQuantity MAY be null when ContractCommitmentCost is not null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ContractCommitmentQuantity MUST NOT be null when [ContractCommitmentCategory](#contractcommitmentcategory) is "Usage".
  * ContractCommitmentQuantity MAY be null when ContractCommitmentCategory is "Spend".
```
